List features of Kueue in README and website/overview (#1286)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/overview/_index.md

Reviewer: Quick note that we need to be very careful with the quality of the writing in the homepage, as it will be the first impression that potential users get.

Author: Thanks, I agree that the homepage is really important.
I will be more careful.

A core design principle for Kueue is to avoid duplicating mature functionality in Kubernetes components and well-established third-party controllers. Autoscaling, pod-to-node scheduling and job lifecycle management are the responsibility of cluster-autoscaler, kube-scheduler and kube-controller-manager, respectively. Advanced admission control can be delegated to controllers such as gatekeeper.

## Features overview

> - **Job management:** support job queueing based on priorities with different strategies: `StrictFIFO` and `BestEffortFIFO`

Reviewer: Let's add links to the relevant documentation where possible.
For example, here you can link to `docs/concepts/cluster_queue/#queueing-strategy`

> - **Job management:** Support job queueing based on [priorities](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts/workload/#priority) with different [strategies](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts/cluster_queue/#queueing-strategy): `StrictFIFO` and `BestEffortFIFO`.

Reviewer: Note that this change is for `_index.md`, but it won't work for `README.md`

```suggestion
- **Job management:** Support job queueing based on [priorities](/docs/concepts/workload/#priority) with different [strategies](/docs/concepts/cluster_queue/#queueing-strategy): `StrictFIFO` and `BestEffortFIFO`.
```

- **Resource management:** support resource fair sharing and [preemption](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts/cluster_queue/#preemption) with a variety of policies between different tenants

> - **Dynamic resource reclaim:** a mechanism help to improve resource utilization

Reviewer: Make sure to end sentences with a period.
```suggestion
- **Dynamic resource reclaim:** a mechanism to release quota as the pods of a Job complete.
```

- **Resource flavor fungibility:** quota borrowing or preemption in ClusterQueue and Cohort

> - **Integrations:** native support for a plenty of popular jobs, e.g. `BatctJob`, `Kubeflow Jobs`, `RayJob`, `jobSet`,  plain `Pod`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Integrations:** built-in support for popular jobs, e.g. `BatchJob`, Kubeflow training jobs, `RayJob`, `JobSet`,  plain `Pod`.
```

> - **System insight:** build-in prometheus metrics to help monitor the state of the system, as well as Conditions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **System insight:** build-in prometheus metrics to help monitor the state of the system, as well as Conditions.
```

> - **Integrations:** Built-in support for popular jobs, e.g. `BatchJob`, [Kubeflow training jobs](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/run_kubeflow_jobs/), `RayJob`, `JobSet`,  plain `Pod`.

Reviewer: if you are adding links for kubeflow, let's add for all of them

- **AdmissionChecks:** a mechanism for internal or external components to influence whether a workload can be admitted
- **Advanced autoscaling support:** Integration with cluster-autoscaler's provisioningRequest via admissionChecks
- **Sequential admission:** a simple implementation of all-or-nothing scheduling

> - **Partial admission:** support *min_available_pods* semantic scheduling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Partial admission:** Allows jobs to run with a smaller number of pods, based on available quota, if the application supports it.
```
